JP-3352 update residual fringe documentation (#8371)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Updated ``outlier_detection`` for IFU data to explain the method more clearly. [#8360]

> - Adds documentation on the 1-D residual fringe correction for MRS data. [#8371]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation on the 1-D residual fringe correction for MIRI MRS data that's done in ``extract_1d``. [#8371]
```
